
                    Privacy Notice

This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for Engauge Digitizer. This
privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this application and
the software support team. It will notify you of the following:
   1. What personally identifiable information is collected from you by the 
      application and the software support options
   2. What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data
   3. The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your 
      information
   4. How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.

Information Collection, Use and Sharing
---------------------------------------
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this website. We only 
have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email,
support forum, github issue tracker, or other direct contact from you. We will
not sell or rent this information to anyone.

We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you
contacted us. We may also share your document information with others as part
of new regression tests or topics of discussion.

We will not contact after the initial period of assistance has completed.
Contact by us will be through online forums and other posts, unless responding
to private emails initiated by you.

Your Access To and Control Over Information
-------------------------------------------
You can do the following at any time by contacting us via email, or forum 
or issue tracker post:
   * See what data we have about you, if any
   * Change/correct any data we have about you
   * Have us delete any data we have about you
   * Express any concern you have about our use of your data

Security
--------
We do not purposefully collect any sensitive information about users. If we
identify possibly sensitive information, or you notify us that sensitive
information has been accidentally submitted, we will immediately delete that
information and notify you of our actions. Non-sensitive information will be
assumed to include names, nicknames, email addresses, and context for Engauge
Digitizer sample documents. 

If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact
us immediately through any of the available methods at 
https://github.com/markummitchell/engauge-digitizer
